clarify distinct pointer type `nil` change (#20376)
nim-lang/Nim: changelog.md

- `nimPreviewDotLikeOps` is going to be removed or deprecated.

- The `{.this.}` pragma, deprecated since 0.19, has been removed.

> - "`nil` literals can no longer be directly assigned to variables or fields of `distinct` pointer types. They must be converted instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nil` literals can no longer be directly assigned to variables or fields of `distinct` pointer types. They must be converted instead.
```

Author: Already done

- `nimPreviewDotLikeOps` is going to be removed or deprecated.

- The `{.this.}` pragma, deprecated since 0.19, has been removed.

> - The `nil` literal no longer implicitly converts to distinct pointer types.

Reviewer: So, what is the actual change?
- Can a variable with a `nil` value be assigned to a distinct pointer type?
- Can a `nil` literal be used as the assignment expression for a distinct pointer variable?

It sounds like this should be:
````suggestion
- "`nil` literals can no longer be directly assigned to variables or fields of `distinct` pointer types. They must be converted instead.
  ```
  type Foo = distinct ptr int

  # Before:
  var x: Foo = nil
  # After:
  var x: Foo = Foo(nil)
  ```
````

Author: The suggestion is broken, if you want to, you can PR it and I can close this

Reviewer: Updated.
